

Q1) What do you think are the most important aspects of a webpage and why?
	
Ans 1)There are several important aspects of a web page, but some key aspects are :
		
		- User experience: a webpage should be easy to navigate and visually appealing to the user. 
		
		- Responsiveness:  a webpage should be responsive to adapt and present the information to the user on any screen as the internet is accessible through multiple devices with different screen sizes.
		
		- Content: only the most relevant and important information should be available to the user, information can be presented in different forms such as images and graphs.

Q2) What mistakes have you made as a back-end developer and how have you worked to fix them?

Ans 2)While working with MongoDB, there are multiple ways to fetch data and perform CRUD operations which made my code hard to read and inconsistent, but with good coding practice and with the help of my peers I was able to overcome that problem.

Q3) Do you like working alone or as part of a team?
	
Ans 3)I like working in teams,it is the ability to break down large projects into smaller, more manageable parts, it also allows you to find different approaches to a  single problem as you will have team members to discuss it with.
	
Q4) Create and deploy a simple form for making payments for rental orders. The form is divided into 3 sections which are as follows. 

(*) Order summary section (Product name, price, order ID, date)

(*) The customer details section will have input by the user ( Name, number, email, address).

(*) Payment Section (Dummy procedure for online and COD payments with success or failure message)

The form should include these fields.

It should be step by step form where first you see the order details, click next and you get to a section where you input your details and then finally a dummy payment procedure which a success or failure message.

Bonus: In the “Customer Details” section include an option to accept the terms and conditions for rental.